feat:  add `array/base/take-map` (#1349)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/array/base/take-map/docs/repl.txt

{{alias}}( x, indices, mode, callback )
    Takes elements from an array and returns a new array after applying a
    mapping function.

    If `indices` is an empty array, the function returns an empty array.

    Parameters
    ----------
    x: ArrayLikeObject
        Input array.

    indices: ArrayLikeObject<integer>
        List of element indices.

    mode: string
        Specifies how to handle an index outside the interval [0, max], where
        `max` is the maximum possible array index. If equal to 'throw', the
        function throws an error. If equal to 'normalize', the function throws
        an error if provided an out-of-bounds normalized index. If equal to
        'wrap', the function wraps around an index using modulo arithmetic. If
        equal to 'clamp', the function sets an index to either 0 (minimum index)
        or the maximum index.
    
    callback : function

>     The map function to apply on selected elements of x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Map function to apply to selected elements of `x`.
```

    Examples
    --------
    > var x = [ -1, -2, -3, -4 ];
    > var y = {{alias}}( x, [ 1, 3 ], 'throw', {{alias:@stdlib/math/base/special/abs}} )
    [ 2, 4 ]

{{alias}}.assign( x, indices, mode,  out, stride, offset, callback )
    Takes elements from an array, applies a mapping function, and assigns the 
    values to elements in a provided output array.

    Parameters
    ----------
    x: ArrayLikeObject
        Input array.

    indices: ArrayLikeObject<integer>
        List of element indices.

    mode: string
        Specifies how to handle an index outside the interval [0, max], where
        `max` is the maximum possible array index. If equal to 'throw', the
        function throws an error. If equal to 'normalize', the function throws
        an error if provided an out-of-bounds normalized index. If equal to
        'wrap', the function wraps around an index using modulo arithmetic. If
        equal to 'clamp', the function sets an index to either 0 (minimum index)
        or the maximum index.

    out: ArrayLikeObject
        Output array.

    stride: integer
        Output array stride.

    offset: integer
        Output array offset.

    callback : function

>         The map function to apply on selected elements of x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Map function to apply to selected elements of `x`.
```

{{alias}}( x, indices, mode, callback )

>     Takes elements with given indices from x and 
>     pass the values from tha call back function.
> 
>     If `indices` is an empty array, the function 
>     returns an empty array.

Reviewer: Desired line width in `repl.txt` is 80 characters for good terminal display without line wrapping, but we do want to use as much space as possible:

```suggestion
    Takes elements from an array and returns a new array after applying a
    mapping function.

    If `indices` is an empty array, the function returns an empty array.
```

    Parameters
    ----------
    x: ArrayLikeObject
        Input array.

    indices: ArrayLikeObject<integer>
        List of element indices.

    mode: string
        Specifies how to handle an index outside the interval [0, max], where
        `max` is the maximum possible array index. If equal to 'throw', the
        function throws an error. If equal to 'normalize', the function throws
        an error if provided an out-of-bounds normalized index. If equal to
        'wrap', the function wraps around an index using modulo arithmetic. If
        equal to 'clamp', the function sets an index to either 0 (minimum index)
        or the maximum index.
    
    callback : function
    The map function to apply on selected elements of x.

    Returns
    -------
    out: Array
        Output array.

    Examples
    --------
    > var x = [ -1, -2, -3, -4 ];
    > var y = {{alias}}( x, [ 1, 3 ], 'throw', {{alias:@stdlib/math/base/special/abs}} )

>     [ 2, 4]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    [ 2, 4 ]
```

{{alias}}.assign( x, indices, mode,  out, stride, offset, callback )

>     Takes elements from an array, passes via 
>     callback function and assigns the values to elements in a
>     provided output array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Takes elements from an array, applies a mapping function, and assigns the 
    values to elements in a provided output array.
```

    Parameters
    ----------
    x: ArrayLikeObject
        Input array.

    indices: ArrayLikeObject<integer>
        List of element indices.

    mode: string
        Specifies how to handle an index outside the interval [0, max], where
        `max` is the maximum possible array index. If equal to 'throw', the
        function throws an error. If equal to 'normalize', the function throws
        an error if provided an out-of-bounds normalized index. If equal to
        'wrap', the function wraps around an index using modulo arithmetic. If
        equal to 'clamp', the function sets an index to either 0 (minimum index)
        or the maximum index.

    out: ArrayLikeObject
        Output array.

    stride: integer
        Output array stride.

    offset: integer
        Output array offset.

    callback : function
        The map function to apply on selected elements of x.

    Returns
    -------
    out: ArrayLikeObject
        Output array.

    Examples
    --------
    > var x = [ -1, -2, -3, -4 ];
    > var out = [ 0, 0, 0, 0 ];

>     > var arr = {{alias}}.assign( x, [ 1, 3 ], 'throw', out, 2, 0 ,{{alias:@stdlib/math/base/special/abs}})

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    > var arr = {{alias}}.assign( x, [ 1, 3 ], 'throw', out, 2, 0 ,{{alias:@stdlib/math/base/special/abs}} )
```
